Herbie Skeleton Command Descriptions

Documentation of Senior Project Spring 2021 Controls

calibrate [motor-name motor-name ...]
	calibrates the wheels. If no options provided, will calibrate all wheels otherwise specified wheels only.

arc drive-direction turn-direction radius distance
	arc turn command. drive-direction needs to be 'forward' or 'backward', turn-direction is 'left' or 'right'
	radius will determine the strenght of turn, must be in range [0.45,300]
	distance along circle to travel

recenter
	aligns all CornerMotor to center

forward wheel-name
	spins a single wheel forward until user presses Enter 

forward speed dist 
	DEPRECATED - calculates time to spin all wheels at speed to travel distance

backward wheel-name
	spins a single wheel backward until user presses Enter 

backward speed dist 
	DEPRECATED - calculates time to spin all wheels at speed to travel distance

tank direction degrees
	Executes the tank spinning. Wheels must be rotated already for this to work effectively.
	direction is {'cw', 'ccw'}. degrees needs to be greater than 0.

tankturn direction degrees
	Rotates the wheels to position then turns
	direction is {'cw', 'ccw'}. degrees needs to be greater than 0.

encoders
	Prints out the encoder value for every wheel

position motor-name encoder-value
	moves a specific motor to a input encoder-value

meters all/motor-name distance
	moves wheel a certain distance if input is a motor-name. if 'all' then drives the motor distance specified.

velocity all/motor-name direction 
	UNTESTED
	Moves wheel a certain distance if input is a motor-name. if 'all' then drives DIRECTION indefinitely

auto
	Autonomous mode, drives forward until object visually detected then turns.
	NOT ENABLED for Herbie Skeleton as of 6/7/2021

rotate motor-name direction angle
	Rotates a single wheel in direction for angle degrees. Checks if motor-name is a valid CornerMotor

max motor-name direction
	Rotates a single wheel to max in direction. Checks if motor-name is a valid CornerMotor

stop
	Stops all motion in motors

history
	Pulls up a history of recent commands run to streamline using the shell.

q 
	quits the shell and stops the Rover